Oh, we hit an error case, what's going on here, Jason, value pixel of any string cannot be converted.
Did you forget the percentage or point or suffix?
What is this about?
Well, is it the padding?
Did we get the patterns wrong?
If we remove the padding?
Does it go away?
Oh, that seemed to make it go away.
Well, let me remove all the padding then.
Does that fix it?
Let's reload.
Oh, it's coming back.
What is this about?
Well, we'll put the paintings back now and we'll make sure that OK.
OK, so let's reload now.
Is it just oh no, it's back again.
So is it this?
Let's try that.
Let's reload again, it's gone, so something's going wrong with the margin top of current height and
basically because it's not supported on Iooss properly, right?
It's only an Android feature.
This is breaking.
So how do we fix this?
Well, we can invert this.
We can do something like if this is a thing.
Then we'll return.
This as a string.
Let's try this piece of code instead.
So what is this doing?
Let's try this, if we reload here, does it still break?
No.
Why is this the case?
Why is this happening?
Well, let me explain something to you on.
I was in general.
Status of current height is not supported because we're using safe area of you, right?
We're using the safe area of you and the safe area of you status.
But at current height is only used by Android.
So on iOS, it's not really returning a valid value.
So when we're setting it in margin top, it's causing an error to occur.
We're hitting an error case.
Right.
And so we can quickly prove this, that this is actually the case if we put this back.
Right, just this part.
And we save that and we go back to our emulator here.
And we hit refresh, well, suddenly we're getting an error.
OK, so we know that this line is causing us an error.
So what's the difference between this line and this line?
Right.
What's the difference between those two lines?
Well, let me show you on this line.
And this is a great trickery of template strings.
This is a funny way to use template strings here, we're saying, OK, on the style to see if any of
you we're having flex one, but.
I'm going to use a variable.
And our variable is going to be status, our current height.
So if status bar current height has a value, right.
And and so this is a check.
If this has a value, then add margin top.
Status bar, the current height plus pixels, so we're only applying the margin top if status bardock
current height has a value.
OK, and does this solve our bug?
Well, I would say so, because now when we reload, no more error.
So we're in a good spot.